When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Probably when i work from various different computers or more than 1 people are working on the same code.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because you may try something online on github that isn't a complete logical step and may break down your code in your offline branch.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a clone online on github and i would use it if i want to modify another person's code without changing his original code. I would use clone if i would like to copy and modify the same code. I would use branches if i would like to try something new on a code without caring if it will actually work or not or if it will ruin the base functioning version. I would also use branch if 2 different people are working on the same code and merge the branches when they are done.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

To know what modifications to the code may have been introduced online, so as to resolve conflict issues when pulling. (Different modifications online vs different modifications offline)

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without Git or Github it would be a lot harder and frustating as we would have different files and would have to manually scroll into each of them and keep the changes that we want.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If more than 1 people are working on code online and i wanted to introduce a modification, i would create a branch for it in order to not ruin the master. While i work on my modifications, the original master online could be modified as well, so in order to reflect those changes i would need to pull the online master, merge it with my branch offline in order to have those changes and then do a pull request so the moderator could then decide to add or not the modifications i made and to resolve any conflict issues.